begin with breaking news from Gaza City
and alifa hospital where a third Mass
grave has been found at least 49 bodies
have been recovered officials are
currently exhuming the bodies from the
grave Israel had laid Siege to the
compound in March after their forces
left several bodies were discovered
hundreds of Palestinians had been taking
shelter in the complex alifa Hospital is
gaza's largest medical facility but has
been out of service for months let's
bring in Al jazer honey Mahmud from more
on this he joins us live from De balah
in central Gaza honey what more are you
hearing about this new Mass grave that's
been discovered at
[Music]
alifa yes Father this is part of an
evolving heartbreaking story of more
bodies being found in a massive grave
this is not the first time this is the
third massive grave discovered at the
courtyard of aiva Hospital the Israeli
military storm AA Hospital twice and in
each time leaving trails of Devastation
and destruction completely pushing the
facility out of service where thousand
of people were Sheltering inside and
included injuries patients and evacuees
for the past months of the of this
genocidal War this is a new massive
grave mainly bodies of women and the
children were found in all in one
massive grave 49 bodies have been
recovered The Surge is still continuing
and we're getting reports from the civil
defense crew members and paramedic there
are still more bodies those we who were
identified within the past a few weeks
as missing and where their whereabout
was unknown for many of the remaining
family members this is the third time
we're seeing a massive grave discovered
in a shifa hospital only two weeks ago
uh three massive Graves were also
discovered at Naser Hospital bringing
the total number of people both in ner
hospital and a shifa hospital and one
more in kamalan hospital to
520 bodies that were found in these
massive grave very tragic and very
heartbreaking and this is a double
tragedy for families remaining family
members who are who were waiting and
hoping that they could find their
missing family members and right now
they're being introduced they're being
called to go to the site of aifa
hospital to identify those bodies as you
say it's not just alifa honey but other
Mas graes were found at other medical
facilities across the Gaza Strip and I
know you've been to to some of those uh
grave sites talk to us about that
experience and who are the victims who
were discovered what more have we found
out about them and the circumstances
under which they
died it's been very tragic and
heartbreaking to to to cover this
evolving story of massive Brave and we
happen to be at at the side of
massive massive grave in in Naser
hospital where close to 300 bodies being
recovered bodies of injuries body of
patients we knew this because we could
see literally along with the civil
defense grp and paramedics the medical
bandages the catheters still attached to
the bodies and also bodies who were tied
their hands were tied behind their backs
by ziplock uh and they were buried close
to five and 10 meters under under the
sand this is not the way it bodies are
buried across the Gaza Strip here we
knew it was a massacre because from the
way it was done from the uh compiling
the bodies next to each other what's
really heartbreaking about this is the
seeing the bodies of women and children
who who were also in the mass gr but
more tragic is thinking of the last
minutes of those injuries and patients
inside the hospitals who were dragg into
their final moments what sort of things
went on on their heads knowing they were
going to be either buried alive or they
were they were killed and then buried
all these sort of things that has been a
large psychologically trauma not only on
while reporting about it but also
everybody else who was watching the
discovery and the recovery of these
bodies from uh uh from the massive grave
also heartbreak to see remaining family
members mourning and embracing the
bodies of their family members were
pulled from the massive grave recovered
from the massive grave giving them the
Las High theas kiss could buy well at
the same time had to uh tolerate the uh
the suffocating smells because of the
deceased bodies that was probably the
hardest thing saying goodbye to someone
very close thought they could find them
but at the same time doing it at the
very the very difficult conditions
possible honey thank you very much of
course the discovery of this new Mass
grave could amount to more war crimes uh
in uh Gaza thank you honey for the
update honey mahmud's live there in Dar
Al Bala in Central
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from alaz